Update New-CsTenantNetworkSite.md (#9891)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTenantNetworkSite.md

###-------------------------- Example 2 --------------------------
```powershell

> PS C:\> New-CsTenantNetworkSite -NetworkSiteID "site2" -Description "site 2" -EnableLocationBasedRouting $true -NetworkRegionID "RedmondRegion" -LocationPolicy "TestLocationPolicy" -EnableLocationBasedRouting $true -SiteAddress "One Microsoft way" -EmergencyCallRoutingPolicy "ECRP1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PS C:\> New-CsTenantNetworkSite -NetworkSiteID "site2" -Description "site 2" -NetworkRegionID "RedmondRegion" -LocationPolicy "TestLocationPolicy" -EnableLocationBasedRouting $true -SiteAddress "One Microsoft way" -EmergencyCallRoutingPolicy "ECRP1"
```

Duplicate parameter, please remove

```

> The command shown in Example 2 created the network site 'site2' with description 'site 2'. This site is enabled for LBR, and associates with network region 'RedmondRegion', with location policy 'TestLocationPolicy', and assign an a emergency policy "ECRP1"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command shown in Example 2 created the network site 'site2' with description 'site 2'. This site is enabled for LBR, and associates with network region 'RedmondRegion', with location policy 'TestLocationPolicy', and assigns an emergency policy 'ECRP1'.
```

Reviewer 3: I suggest "assigns a custom emergency call routing policy 'ECRP1'"

> The command shown in Example 2 created the network site 'site2' with description 'site 2'. This site is enabled for LBR, and associates with network region 'RedmondRegion', with location policy 'TestLocationPolicy', and assigns an emergency policy 'ECRP1'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command shown in Example 2 created the network site 'site2' with description 'site 2'. This site is enabled for LBR, and associates with network region 'RedmondRegion', with location policy 'TestLocationPolicy', and assigns a custom emergency call routing policy 'ECRP1.
```
